a lot of times pilots love their job because of flying. That's that's
first and foremost, perhaps our greatest love, sometimes even more so
than their families. But the uh huh, there are a lot of downsides
to that. You know, it's dangerous. It's a dangerous job. Um, and it
can It can cause anxiety in some ways. I mean, you never really think
you're gonna have a problem in the aircraft, But I think every aviator
can point to a time where they had an issue, Uh, the other. You
know, one of the best things about being in the Navy and total is exposure
to the people. And if you're willing, how much you can learn
broad brush, that's one of the best parts about being in the Navy for
sure.